five to one right over small crest
Farfisa me continues to left long on
floor right and turn square right peers
outside open square right peers outside
open bunch of coal fires square right
here caution
six left Titans deceptive six left plane
is receptive I square right and square
right 6e up square right here sixty up
cam five left into hairpin left and
happen right down code here but let that
happen right don't call party for right
rough inside one square left for here
and square left ad
- laughs don't cut repeat - left Oh God
one seven feet
slippy continues care middle over Christ
jump party leftover crash boom sixty
yeah I'm here six right in the square
left their sixth grade and the square
left 4 d square right lane 100 i crossed
one left give 100 now god I said because
you one left at the fast square right
hose outside fast square right five left
don't carry the speed and he to write
the 1 left over small crash - right one
left over small breasts st cause you one
left into certain points where left
after bowl for square left after poll
however 60
four left and two left lon
four laughter - LeBlanc is black - the
three left after this a 100 small crest
into three left 350 of the middle right
over small crest right over small crest
300 over of the middle again
it's 300 of the middle of one
one left over small breasts 203 right
lung 3 right lung let's you're free
right here nose done
barfi
one left lung 400 400 oh here turn
square right turn square right 100
she's wearing
102 left over middle crossroads and to
left one turkey up the middle time to
write one turkey is to write one tardy
care tree right I'm tree right white
tree right entre right white 100 this
platens up here now 101 nest over crest
one right in the middle of a crisp okay
he downturn six Roy right boy eat good
grip 131 right into one left to right
party one right at the one left to right
party yeah to left my lane into two
right 132 that's 110 square right don't
cut left 110 square a don't cut it
and the square left on cut pier outside
party one right lung
this is 41 right long 60 fast rewrite
your fast rewrite it with one left 150
that 156 right 106 right 100 middle over
Junction into six left slippy six left
slipping and you right over crest and
down in four right simply continues 40
to 1 left over small crash 150 down the
middle one left over small Crescent down
into two left in the middle over
Junction the middle over Junction one
right over small bump bridge 61 left on
Club 81 right 150 line fast for right
nine fast for right 60
three right into one left continues over
small crest that's it 200 down the
middle one left now I'm to write long I
can turn help and left over pump hole on
the exit there's a pool on the exits no
so don't be too right righty-right 41
right go on one right 60 here - let's
take the square right here - left and
the square right 40 square right here
four feet square left complete square
left and five right that's it
on fire here - left 40 caution six left
yard outside 46 left party sri lankan
middle / small Crescent here wouldn't
have long Titans in and six right
swirl have done things on six right six
right in here party carry your speed no
to write down Chris don't cut pass for
army the tree left long and tree right
three left in so say to write long one
left
62 left slippy 40 caution turns we're
right over bridge pose
and that's in the sudden turn six right
you know so Junction keep it up keep it
right now keep it right
if this five left the two right
think ahead for the mod wouldn't laugh
the crest do right sixteen over mod
caution six right cut very slippy six
right cut very very slippy and caution
six left bubble tightens beer outside
party square right our six left here
double trike is double tight power power
power okay yeah that other car is coming
on I know I know they're smart artists
boys they're okay get out you get out
you